[Music]
hi everybody and welcome back to cooking
here today in this episode we're making
of a fast and easy grilled cheese
sandwich now you might say to yourself
all making them is so easy which it is
but there is a little technique that
will allow you to make them so much
easier so let's get started to get
started here we're going to add about a
tablespoon of butter to the pan I'm
using my funky egg roll pan simply
because I like the grill marks a lot of
people have asked where they can get
these and you can get them from our
amazon store I'll put a link below now
that our butter is nicely melted down
I'm going to turn the heat back to
medium-low and place the first slice of
bread in now what I'm gonna do is lay
the cheddar cheese over the top you can
use slice to grate it if you want of
course I'm gonna use just enough cheese
to cover the bread and we'll place the
top layer of bread on and I'm going to
give this a little press down and we're
gonna let this cook for about 3 minutes
after 3 minutes I'm gonna add another
half a tablespoon of butter to the pan
will flip the grilled cheese over and
allow it to cook for an additional 3
minutes it's interesting because I don't
know how many times in the past I've
struggled with trying to spread the
butter over the bread and ripping the
bread up this method is so much easier
after 3 minutes we're going to remove
the grilled cheese from the pan and look
at that perfectly done and beautiful
grill marks so I'm just going to give
this a slice diagonally with my knife
and you're ready to serve and there you
have it our simple easy and perfect
grilled cheese sandwich so that was our
grilled cheese sandwich I hope you try
this technique and let us know what you
think if you have a sandwich recipe
you'd like us to cook to make your life
a little bit easier leave us a comment
below
head on over to cook and share calm for
more easy recipes and remember to click
to subscribe and like our videos thanks
for watching and see you next time
[Music]
you